[SYCLomatic] [DOC] [Experimental] Add a new option in doc (#635)
oneapi-src/SYCLomatic: docs/dev_guide/command-line-options-reference.rst

   * - ``=c_cxx_standard_library``
     - A set of functions from the C and C++ standard libraries that are allowed
       to be used in SYCL device code.
   * - ``--change-filename-extension=<file>``

>      - DEPRECATED: Specifies which extensions of migrated fileswill be changed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - DEPRECATED: Specifies which extension of migrated files will be changed,

```

>      - DEPRECATED: Specifies which extension(s) of migrated file(s) will be changed,

Reviewer 2: "DEPRECATED: A comma-separated list that specifies which extensions of migrated files will be changed. Default..."
